assertions as array (#379)
ietf-wg-gnap/gnap-core-protocol: draft-ietf-gnap-core-protocol.md

        }
    },
    "subject": {

>         "sub_ids_formats": ["iss_sub", "opaque"],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "sub_id_formats": ["iss_sub", "opaque"],
```

>         "assertions_formats": ["id_token"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "assertion_formats": ["id_token"]
```

contain the following fields (or additional fields defined in
[a registry TBD](#IANA)).

> sub_ids_formats (array of strings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sub_id_formats (array of strings)
```

: An array of subject identifier subject formats
            requested for the RO, as defined by {{I-D.ietf-secevent-subject-identifiers}}.

> assertions_formats (array of strings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assertion_formats (array of strings)
```

: An array of requested assertion formats. Possible values include
    `id_token` for an {{OIDC}} ID Token and `saml2` for a SAML 2 assertion. Additional
    assertion formats are defined by [a registry TBD](#IANA).
    \[\[ [See issue #41](https://github.com/ietf-wg-gnap/gnap-core-protocol/issues/41) \]\]

~~~
"subject": {

>   "sub_ids_formats": [ "iss_sub", "opaque" ],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "sub_id_formats": [ "iss_sub", "opaque" ],
```

>   "assertions_formats": [ "id_token", "saml2" ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "assertion_formats": [ "id_token", "saml2" ]
```

The AS SHOULD NOT re-use subject identifiers for multiple different ROs.

> Note: the "sub_ids_formats" and "assertions_formats" request fields are independent of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: the "sub_id_formats" and "assertion_formats" request fields are independent of
```

: An array of subject identifiers for the
            end user, as defined by {{I-D.ietf-secevent-subject-identifiers}}.

> assertions (array of objects/strings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assertions (array of objects)
```

I don't see anything here about string-formatted assertions, so should this just be objects?

Author: ok

            RO, as defined by
            {{I-D.ietf-secevent-subject-identifiers}}.

> : An array containing assertions as values keyed on the assertion
>     type defined by [a registry TBD](#IANA). Possible keys include
>     `id_token` for an {{OIDC}} ID Token and `saml2` for a SAML 2 assertion. The assertion
>     values are the string serialization of the assertion format, encoded as a plain
>     JSON string. Additional assertion types are defined by [a registry TBD](#IANA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: An array containing assertions as objects each containing the assertion
    format and the assertion value as the JSON string serialization of the assertion. 
    Possible formats include `id_token` for an {{OIDC}} ID Token and `saml2` for a SAML 2 assertion. 
    Additional assertion formats are defined by [a registry TBD](#IANA).
```

          values of the `proof` field of the
          [key section](#key-format) of the request.

> sub_ids_formats_supported (array of strings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sub_id_formats_supported (array of strings)
```

: OPTIONAL. A list of the AS's supported
          subject identifier formats. The values of this list correspond to possible values
          of the [subject identifier section](#request-subject) of the request.

> assertions_supported (array of strings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assertion_formats_supported (array of strings)
```
